Actively working with brands and other creators to scale various accounts and platforms 
Growing personal brand using skillset 
Built a 5 figure income through an in-depth understanding of social media algorithms 
Nellie's Place, Bus Person, Waldwick, NJ 
• 
Assisting servers clearing tables and resetting for new guests 
• 
Coordinated with servers and management to seat the restaurant responsibly and to safely seat as many guests as possible 
Undergraduate Mentored Research: Blockchain Technology & Cryptocurrency Analysis
Conducting research on distributed ledger technologies, focusing on consensus mechanisms (Proof-of-Work, Proof-of-Stake, etc.)
Performing in-depth analysis on security protocols for various blockchain networks
Leveraging expertise to assess the scalability potential of in-demand cryptocurrencies
Demonstrating teamwork, discipline, and leadership 
Contributed to team success while balancing academic responsibilities 
TCNJ Men's Soccer, Player 
TCNJ DIGIT.all, Member 
A club that seeks to promote equality and diversity in STEM 
TCNJ ACM, Member 
TCNJ chapter of the Association for Computing Machinery 
VOLUNTEERING 
Volnerman Training, Youth Soccer Assistant Coach 
Twelve-week program 
Coaching youth soccer players and teaching them the basics of the game 
Encouraging good habits and building character on an individual basis and throughout the group 
Sept. 2024 - Current 
Aug. 2023 -Current
Aug. 2023 -Current 
June 2023 -Aug. 2024 
EMPLOYMENT 
Tiktok, Freelance Social Media Work/Personal Brand, Remote 
WILLIAM ROCHE 
Email: Wroche2587@gmail.com	Phone: 201-819-8495  
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/william-roche-61024428b/
Sept. 2019- June 2023 
Pascack Hills High School 
Skilled with C++, C, Java, Python, SQL, Javascript, HTML, CSS, Typescript 
Experience using Github, Docker, FastAPI, Linux
Knowledge of Linear Algebra, Calculus, Discrete Mathematics, Fundamental Quantum Mechanics
Live Stock Tracker 
Engineered a real-time stock tracking system using FastAPI and WebSocket protocols, implementing custom data processing for multiple timeframe analyses (1D/1W/1M/1Y) and automated market status monitoring 
Developed a responsive single-page application with dynamic theming, integrating Chart.js for interactive price visualizations and WebSocket-driven live updates without page refreshes 
Containerized the application using Docker Compose, creating a scalable architecture with separate frontend and backend services for simplified deployment and maintenance (Currently deployed at https://stocktracker-z7er.onrender.com) 
ACTIVITIES 
SKILLS 
Aug. 2023 - 2027 
The College of New Jersey 
Programming Languages / Development Tools & Frameworks / Mathematical Foundations 
EDUCATION 
RESEARCH POSITIONS / PERSONAL PROJECTS 
Undergraduate Mentored Research: Quantum Computing 
Learning fundamental principles of quantum mechanics, quantum computing, and quantum algorithms. 
Studying essential mathematical concepts, including linear algebra and group theory, to support quantum computing research. 
Analyzing quantum algorithms to understand their potential applications and computational advantages. 
Jan 2025 - Current 
Dec. 2024- Current 
Aug. 2023 -May 2024 
Bachelor's of Science, Computer Science Major 
Mathematics Minor 
3.918 cumulative GPA 
4.0 Major GPA
Dean's List (3/3 Semesters)
June 2022 -Current 
Jan. 2024 -Current 